NOTES: video 3-Create React App ! Date: 13/sept/2024 ! CS world Telugu!

Q. Why dont we use ReactJS Using CDN Links?

Since ReactJS is library => we should be able to use its CDN links in <Head>
tag, and build an application. but in realtime, we need to build a enterprise 
level application and it requires multiple external libraries, managing those 
will be very complex and deploying such applications(using CDN links is just 
like using Bootstrap links and Jquery links.)in live will create issues.

Therefore, we need to build application in a particular structured way, and the 
code should be minified and compatability issues to be resolved before going 
live. This can be done using a command provided by NPM(Node Package Manager).

Q. What are Prerequisites to create React app?
NodeJs software

Q. How to create React app?

Navigate to a folder => Open CMD => npx create-react-app "Name of the APP"(without""){created in a new folder at cmd opened location}
npx = Node Package executor
create-react-app = LIBRARY = Package = Javascript file, npx allows us to temporarily install that
file and deletes when not in use. so, create-react-app is a node package. Node allows us to run Javascript without browser. Therefore, node is compulsory.

Alternatively, we can use npm create-react-app "Name of the APP"(without""), allows the code to be downloaded in our local system. This command is not to run the application, it just allows the code to be downloaded in our local system, which is of no use. so we use npx only(Notes From Comments Section).

create-react-app = LIBRARY, which appears temporarily in our system and allows us to run code and enabling few actions through it. The code in this file helps to download all the files and make connections within them.
Example: node_modules
         src
		 public
		 package.json
		 package.lock.json
Therefore NPX is executing a command(create-react-app) and creating above mentioned files. this , npx is taking one input = folder name; after executing, folder name contains above examples(dependencies).

npx create-react-app . => command allows us to download examples(dependencies) in same folder.

NOTE: our application name cannot be React and ReactDom.
Finally, we created a react app using a command. manual creation is a very complex process.
Description of the files downloaded is detailed in video 4-React folder structure.

Q. How to run the react app?
npm start => command will run our application using a particular file from downloaded dependencies.

here, deleting all the code and keeping only index.js file

React is a SPA(single page application) => 1 html file in public with a single Div as a root element. in this react app, configuration also happens.

Q. What is Configuration in ReactJS app creation? or what is the entry JS file in React app?
src => index.js
In react, we write entire HTML in javascript file, so we need a starting JS file, which again can call by importing other component JS files as and when required. Therefore, index.js is configured.

here, nothing in output since we deleted all the code and keeping only empty index.js file

See practice version in corresponding JS file in "csworldreact"





Notes From Comments Section:

1. If we need to use a particular package regularly we have to prefer npm and then install the package. It will be stored in the node_modules folder in our local.
2. If we need to use one at a time once then we have to use npx. It will directly install from npx registry.
3.. Ex: mana old time lo music vinali ante first download chesi memory card lo store chesukovali appudu manam vinagalam. Idi npm ante. 
Ade ippudu direct ga Spotify, Savan gani app use chesi direct ga manam music vintunnam. Idi npx ante

-----------------------------------------------

create react app is deprecated check below video using vite
video 68;

