What is Angular?
What is SPA?
What is difference between angularJs and angular?		
What is the difference between javascript and typescript?
How to install angular?
How to check the angular version?
=======
	Install nodejs
		set nodeJs Path
	Install npm
	Install typescript
		npm install -g typescript 
	Install angular               
		npm install -g @angular/cli
--
How to check the angular version? 
	ng version
How to create an angular project?
What is routing in angular?
What is difference between css scss?
How to build a angular project?
How to run a angular project?
What is the difference between build and serve?
What is package.json file contains?
How to install bootstrap into angular?
In how many ways we can add bootsrap to angular project?
How an angular app gets started and loaded?
How to create data binding
What is interceptors?
What is Dependency Injection?
what is difference between JIT and AOT?
What are pipes?
What is lazy loading?
What is view encapsulation?
What is difference between TDF and Reactive forms?
What is module?
How to check the rest url is working or not?
What is difference between null and undefined in Javascript?
How to invoke the rest services in angular?
How the angular app gets started first?
What happen when open the angular app in the browser?
What is a basic building block of angular?
What is starting page of angular app?
How to create component with in the folder?
what is the root component in angular?
Whare is app root component is configured?
What happen when you run ng serve command from CLI?
What is difference between promise and observable?
What is difference between synchronous and asynchronous?
How to execute some logic the time of component load or page load?
How to call rest services?
What is angular life cycle?	
Where we have to write the code that can be executed at the time of class initialization?
How to add bootstrap in angular?
How to install bootstrap in angular cli?
How to uninstall node packages?
What is CDN?
How many ways to add bootstrap in angular project?
How many angular form approaches there?
How to choose the angular form approach?
What are the difference between TDF and RF? 
What is difference between mutable and immutable?
Can we access TDF values without using  Viewchild?
What is difference between dirty-touch and in-valid in TDF? 
How to implement logging in ui applications?
What is whieldcard entrys in Angular?
Can you discribe the MVVM architecture?
What is package.json file contains?
What is angular.json file contains?
What is polyfills.js file in angular?
What is EsLint?
What is TsLint?
How you integrated Rest services with your application?
	We need to test rest application is up and running or not?
	Test all the rest services using postman or SOAP UI.
	Write the service classes
	Write the component classes
	Bind the data with the template
	







