Google 	V8 JavaScript runtime engine
		Google 		Chrome			
		Microsoft	Edge
		--
		OpenJs		NodeJS
		javascript 
			V8 JavaScript engine 
			hardware
			--
		C++, C#, objectiveC, java, python
		OPCODE
		Byte Code - and bits 0, 1
		hardware

What is NodeJs?
Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform, JavaScript runtime environment,
Which is built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine and executes JavaScript code 
outside a web browser.
--
What is the use of nodeJS?
	We can run javascript files from the the CLI by using nodejs, without 
	having any web browser.
	It acts like as a server, it will compile and runs the js files.
	nodejs itself acts as a server, means we can run our application without 
	servers.
	serverless containers.
--
How to download nodeJs?
	https://nodejs.org/en/download/
		Windows Installer (.msi)
		Windows Binary (.zip)
--
How to install?
	Download the nodejs file from Windows binary (.zip) 64-bit.
	Extract the file to your system at particular folder.
	
How to set nodejs path?
	Click on windows + S.
	In search bar, then type environment variables.
	There you can find User variables and System variables.
	If you are the Admin then go for System variables and find "Path" name in 
	that window.
	copy the nodejs path from the folder(where you have 
	installed) and paste it in the path window after choosing add and click on OK. your path has to be directed towards npm and npx commands
	If you are the user then go for User variables and find the Path name in 
	that window.
	There click on add and copy the nodejs path from the folder(where you have 
	downloaded) and paste it in the path window and click on OK.
	After this,you can run the nodejs (by using cmd) from any folder of the 
	system.
	C:\Users\user\work\node-v18.15.0
--
Why we need to set the NodeJs path?
	If we don't set the path then we need to go to the nodejs folder(where you 
	have downloaded) and there only we can execute the javascript code.
	If we set the path then the code can be executed (can access nodejs) 
	from any folder present in your system.
--
What is the difference between interpreter and compiler?
	If any error in code, interpreter won't stop the interpretation into that 
	particular line.
	It will print error in the console then it will interpret the next line.
	If any error in code, compiler will stop there and it will print error in 
	console. It won't compile next line.
--
What is design time?
	// TODO Development Time.
--
What is compilation time?
	// TODO Developer Testing time 
--
What is run time?
	// TODO java
--
Openjs is currently under Linux foundation.
Nodejs LTS - latest stable version
 