What are the popular databases?
MySQL			Oracle
PostgreSQL		Postgre
Oracle			Oracle
SQLServer		Microsoft
DB2				IBM

Generally database's are installed in linux machines. 

How to download oracle database?
// TODO-11g
How to install oracle database?
// TODO
How to connect oracle database in windows?
	Press Window + S, Then it will opens the search bar.
	Type sql in the search bar, then it will show RUN SQL command Line 
	application.
	Click on SQL command line application.
	Then it will open sql command line application in the command prompt.
	Then we have to connect sys user with the below command.
	sql> conn sys as sysdba; or connect sys as sysdba;(; is must to end every statement)
	It will ask you provide the password so please provide the sys password 
	(oracle) and press enter.
	If password is correct it will shows as connected.
--
What is Schema?
	Schema is the logical representation of a database objects.
	It include tables, views, packages, functions, procedures, primary key, 
	foreign key and etc...
	Example:
		Class Teacher.
What is User?
	User is owner of the schema objects
	We will crete users and will give permissions to access schema objects.
	Example
		Teachers
What is the difference between schema and user?
	If there is no users for Schema, then schema acts like a user.
--
How to connect HR Schema in Oracle database?
	Connect Oracle database with sys user
	Connect hr schema by typing the below command
	sql> conn hr;
	it will ask you to provide the password so please provide the sys password 
	(hr) and press enter.
	If password is correct it will shows as connected.
--
How to check the sysdate in oracle database?
	sql> select sysdate from dual;
--
How to check the systime in oracle database?
	Sql> select systimestamp from dual;
--
What is DUAL in SQL?
	It is a table that is automatically created by Oracle Database.
	DUAL is a table, available in SYS schema but is accessible by the name DUAL 
	to all users with in the schema and other schema users.
	It has one column, DUMMY, defined to be VARCHAR2(1), and contains one row 
	with a value X.
--
How to check all the tables and views from the schema?
Sql> select * from tab;
--
How to find number of rows in a table;
Syntax
	select count(*) from table_name;
Example
	select count(*) from employees;
--
How to see the table description in database?
Syntax
	Sql> desc table_name
Example
 	Sql> desc employees;
--
How to unlock hr schema in oracle database?
	ALTER USER hr IDENTIFIED BY hr ACCOUNT UNLOCK;
How to connect hr schema?
	Press Window + S, Then it will opens the search bar.
	Type sql in the search bar, then it will show RUN SQL command line application.
	Click on SQL command line application.
	Then it will open sql command line application in the command prompt.
	Then we have to connect sys user with the below command.
	sql> conn hr;
	it will ask you provide the password so please provide the sys password (hr)
	and press enter. If password is correct it will shows as connected.
--
How to see all records from the table?
	Syntax
		select * from <table-name>;
	Example
		select * from employees;
--
How to create an schema in sql?
	syntax:
	create user schema_name identified by schema_password;
	example:
	create user dms identified by dms;
	create user nikhitha identified by nikhitha;
How to provide privileges to the user in oracle database?
Syntax:
	grant connect to userName;
	grant all privileges to userName identified by password;
Example:
	grant connect to dms;
	grant all privileges to dms identified by dms;
--
//TODO
What is DBMS?
What is RDBMS?
What is Table?
How to create a table?
What is View?
How to create a View?
What is the difference between table and view?
What is Normalization?
	4 rules
What is the difference between DDL DML DTL?
What is the difference between commit and rollback?
setAutoCommit = true;
setAutoCommit = false;
What is the difference between delete, drop, truncate?
		delete 		rows based on condition
		drop 		table	
		truncate	all rows
		
---
Assuming w eneed to createa employee table/record using 10 queries, instead of writing lengthy queries in middleware, we can write functions & procedures in Database. Fn's and Procedures have complex logic, minimising network calls. not all form submissions work on table, some go through functions & procedures in Database.

example: delete employee (since there might be 5 tables with an employee details)

Primary key cannot be null and is unique column of the table.
a group of tables can be linked using foreign key, which is a primary key of another table.
Unique key can be null.	

----	
